hello youtube friends good in this
I bring you how to download the
minecraft de vegueta 777 good what
first of all they will have to go to their
obviously preferred browser
we wait for cargo
well once this is not a
browser
they will have to go to this link that
I'll leave in the description of the video
the dam from which a file ends
it's by mega
once they have only they will have to give
do not want to your computer forgive me
English but I do not know much
weighs 97 points 9 mb
It weighs a little but it's worth it
and once they have downloaded what
they look where they have saved it
right click
extract here
I hope it brings you
good and once extracted they will be left
this folder point minecraft
it will be start button
and here they write percentage
percentage to pepe data percentage
and in front
Y
once here
Delete or delete your minecraft folder
and move is here
and ready you will have installed
the point folder minecraft of vegueta 77
777 sorry that brings me a little
and they will just have to open their minecraft
I hope it charges ok they give it before game
and here this is not a virus or anything
we like better to that
and here they sandra will come out of this
huitzo way to be his art to see his
art sanders sanberk
this is in a place that already
you have it as vegetable 7777
wait wait that is going to take them
a little
and here are the modes
the most
one thing if it does not you first the
first since when I started in minecraft I
give here actions
texture packages
and here will be swan swart but yes
and good
I would not only have to configure it
so do not go so relaxed
to this this also brings with it is called
busti fine
I have to the moon because it does not give me
a lot
well a good test I will create a
new so then put creative to
I'll put on
one
let's hope he loads this
remember app percentage app data
percentage they give you to enter between look
the card the minecraft point folder
have it removed and move this one
and they will have
your textures bunny snot and sex
male female
if they want to change the name
and good
and to be able to fly
and
it is also then there is bring this is not
consummated by outrage
and bring this map
change of show
and also if they want to do
change your skin
minecraft without downloading absolutely
nothing
in his comments that in the
comments that I will make a video tutorial
how to do it
and well this has been all
and until next time
bye Bye
as it says with the look